#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Sunday Coffee
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Page Schmidt
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My final product, SundayCoffee, is not the program that I had in mind when
 I began brainstorming projects for this course.
 However, in the next few pages I'll describe why I still value the time
 I spent on the project.
 I will also provide a description of the evolution of my project over the
 course of this summer session and my goals for building on it in the future.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Originally, my plan was to develop a comprehensive scheduler which provided
 an intuitive interface for keeping track of one's everyday responsibilities
 and projects.
 However, as I began to delve into the details of putting together an applicatio
n of that size, I realized that my fantasies did not correllate very well
 with the realities of a 6-week course, full-time job, and several inopportunely
 scheduled weddings.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There were several major factors that contributed to the change of scope
 of my project over the past few weeks, the main one simply being my inexperienc
e.
 Without a lot of other projects to draw comparisons from, I found it difficult
 to guage what I could reasonably complete in a given time frame.
 Tasks that I thought could be knocked out in a couple of hours ended up
 taking me much longer due to technical difficulties or other factors, and
 this ultimately set me back quite a bit.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Another reason for the change in scope over the course of this summer session
 was the steep learning curve that I had to overcome before even beginning
 development on this project.
 The technologies I ultimately ended up employing were PHP, MySQL, and AJAX,
 three tools that I hadn't worked with previous to starting this course.
 Although I eventually stumbled upon a very useful software bundle called
 xampp, I spent a substantial amount of time trying to individually put
 together all of the components required to make my PHP pages 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

work.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Although my project didn't contribute directly to an active open-source
 project, I was able to appreciate the benefits of freely available code
 and collaborative learning.
 I relied on several sources of code that had been created specifically
 for teaching the basics of putting together a PHP application for the first
 time.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
